README.md, before:

# SoulSplitter

![build](https://github.com/FrankvdStam/SoulSplitter/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg) ![GitHub all releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/FrankvdStam/SoulSplitter/total) ![github__version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/FrankvdStam/SoulSplitter)

MIGT, initial black screen removal and autosplitting for Elden Ring.
For Elden Ring specific information, see https://github.com/FrankvdStam/SoulSplitter/wiki/Elden-Ring


# Installation
You can find detailed installation instructions with screenshots here: https://github.com/FrankvdStam/SoulSplitter/wiki/Installation

# Contact
Find me on discord, on the speedsouls server, or by user wasted#2747 if you have trouble setting this up or have any other questions.

# Credits

Special thanks to B3, for writing the initial MIGT code injection for Elden Ring.  
Thanks to Pav for the Elden Ring cheat engine table.  
Thanks [John](https://github.com/veeenu), pretty much always willing to exhange some ideas about tech stuff  
[Yapped](https://github.com/vawser/Yapped-Rune-Bear) helped speed up mapping event flags to bosses and graces  
Soulsmodding community: http://soulsmodding.wikidot.com/  

Uses the excellent material design library by James Willock: https://materialdesigninxaml.net/

Contains code from Nordgaren's DS2(S)-meta tool, which can be found here:  
https://github.com/Nordgaren/DS2S-META  
https://github.com/Nordgaren/DS2-META  

I use Clion and Resharper from jetbrains to develop SoulSplitter. They have been giving me a free opensource license to use all their products for non-comercial use for a couple years now. Totally awesome, thanks Jetbrains!  

[![Alt jetbrainslogo](./jetbrains/jetbrains.svg)](https://www.jetbrains.com/?from=SoulSplitter)

Commit message:

Restored ability to start timer manually. Added point to HUD setting, now turning the HUD on at the start of each run. Found a better combobox search implementation, using this for bosses, graces and items. Need to figure out why I can't use headers when virtualizing in a combobox. Added item autosplitting, based on inventory reading.

README.md, after:

# SoulSplitter

![build](https://github.com/FrankvdStam/SoulSplitter/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg) ![GitHub all releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/FrankvdStam/SoulSplitter/total) ![github__version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/FrankvdStam/SoulSplitter)

MIGT, initial black screen removal and autosplitting for Elden Ring.
For Elden Ring specific information, see https://github.com/FrankvdStam/SoulSplitter/wiki/Elden-Ring


# Installation
You can find detailed installation instructions with screenshots here: https://github.com/FrankvdStam/SoulSplitter/wiki/Installation

# Contact
Find me on discord, on the speedsouls server, or by user wasted#2747 if you have trouble setting this up or have any other questions.

# Credits

Special thanks to B3, for writing the initial MIGT code injection for Elden Ring.  
Thanks to Pav for the Elden Ring cheat engine table.  
Thanks [John](https://github.com/veeenu), pretty much always willing to exhange some ideas about tech stuff  
[Yapped](https://github.com/vawser/Yapped-Rune-Bear) helped speed up mapping event flags to bosses and graces  
Soulsmodding community: http://soulsmodding.wikidot.com/  

Uses the excellent material design library by James Willock: https://materialdesigninxaml.net/

Contains code from Nordgaren's DS2(S)-meta tool, which can be found here:  
https://github.com/Nordgaren/DS2S-META  
https://github.com/Nordgaren/DS2-META  
Also had some help reading the inventory in Elden Ring from Nordgaren's ERD tools: https://github.com/Nordgaren/Erd-Tools

I use Clion and Resharper from jetbrains to develop SoulSplitter. They have been giving me a free opensource license to use all their products for non-comercial use for a couple years now. Totally awesome, thanks Jetbrains!  

[![Alt jetbrainslogo](./jetbrains/jetbrains.svg)](https://www.jetbrains.com/?from=SoulSplitter)
